bsdgames-osx: the classic bsdgames ported to Mac OS X
-----------------------------------------------------

These are the classic bsdgames of old. They've been imported from DragonFly 
BSD's sources (the games in Dragonfly BSD can be found at 
http://gitweb.dragonflybsd.org/dragonfly.git/tree/v2.4.0:/games), along with 
some patches from FreeBSD ports, and only modified enough to get them to build 
on Mac OS X. 

WARNING: These games could conceivably be a security risk (that's the warning I
remember seeing with bsdgames in FreeBSD). If this is a concern, don't install
them. I am also not responsible if they blow up your computer, lure aliens to 
your house, run up huge credit card bills, eat your dog, or give you a menacing
side-eye. There's also NO WARRANTY, implied or otherwise.

Games included are:

	adventure 
	arithmetic 
	atc 
	backgammon 
	battlestar 
	bcd 
	bs 
	caesar 
	canfield 
	cribbage 
	dm 
	factor 
	fish 
	fortune 
	grdc 
	hack 
	hangman 
	hunt 
	larn 
	mille 
	morse 
	number 
	phantasia 
	piano 
	pig 
	pom 
	ppt 
	primes 
	quiz 
	rain 
	random 
	robots 
	rogue 
	sail 
	snake 
	trek 
	wargames 
	worm 
	worms 
	wump

INSTALLATION
------------

bsdmake is needed to build the games. If needed, you can install it out of 
homebrew (it doesn't come with recent versions of Xcode).

Installation is a little hairy right now. The basic steps are to run "bsdmake", 
then "sudo bsdmake install", and it will install in /usr/local (or elsewhere, if
you edit the Makefile), but "bsdmake install" is having some problems because 
the default arguments for 'install' on OS X don't create the directories you're
installing to. Until that's working, if you want to install you'll need to 
create the directories as "bsdmake install" fails. This is still a work in 
progress.

BUGS
----
Currently not all of the bsdgames are building on Mac OS X. The games that are
not building are listed in the file FAILING. As they're fixed, they'll be moved
out of FAILING.

cribbage, inexplicably, has some hard coded paths.

morse and piano have been removed because they depend on sound stuff that's not 
readily available on OS X. dm was removed because, well, no one would want to
deal with it anyway.

COPYRIGHT
---------
See the COPYRIGHT file & the source for the programs themselves. I claim no
authorship of them.

"AUTHOR"
--------
For lack of a better term. The work porting the bsdgames to OS X was done by me,
Jeremy Bingham <jbingham@gmail.com>.
